Time is money. Do you agree?

Time is money. I couldnt agree more. We all have a limited amount of time in our lives, and most of it we use it to sleep or work. Our time is very limited and irrecuperabile. And even worse, we dont even know how much of it do we have. On the other hand, money is a symbolic trading token. With it we can trade goods and services. But often we use it to get more time. Dont want to waste time walking for two hours? Use the money, pay a taxi and you will spare some time. You dont want to waste time with paperwork? You hire a secretary that does that for you. Time is also exchanged when loaning some money. We basically extend the paying date and we pay that extra time with the interests. In the future, buying time will probably get a new meaning. If you can afford a little visit to a black hole or a few hours near the speed of light, time would pass houndreds of times slower than in other places. That would mean that such a trip would basically be a time machine to the future. Now many people try buying more time in hospitals: they pay the best doctors hoping that they will cure thaem from whatever disease they have. Sometimes that work, but its just like trying to swim away from an incoming waterfall. There is also a movie that takes the value of time on a whole next level: in that movie, time is the main trading unit. You want to buy an ice cream? Pay some minutes to get it. If you run out of minutes then of course you die. That movie really opened my eyes on what actually means buying time. If we take for example (again) having to walk for two hours to a place, we can roughly calculate how much money is worth two hours to us. If the taxi costs more than that, then in terms of time, that would not be a good deal. Of course then we have other factors such as laziness and weather conditions, but the basic concept still stands. When we buy a product, we have to pay for the time (and materials) that somenoe invested while doing that job. In my opinion, time is very valuable but a lot of people dont really understand its value until its too late. Many dont even seem to understand that they have an unknown amout of time that could end every moment. This could lead to things like "Carpe diem", but that would lead me to another topic.
